[Music]
what's the most mysterious and
blood-chilling place on earth the
refrigerator at the blood bank Qualis
job is to chill blood anyway
the first thing that comes to many minds
is the infamous Bermuda Triangle this
area earned its terrifying reputation by
swallowing countless ships and airplanes
leaving no trace behind but recently the
Bermuda Triangle has added another
mystery to its record Cuban Coast Guard
came across a ship that had gone missing
more than 90 years ago ooh
truth or fiction it was November 29th
1925 when the SS cotopaxi left
Charleston South Carolina and headed for
Havana Cuba carrying a big load of coal
and 32 crew members the story has it
that several days later the steamer ran
into a violent storm got water in its
hole and started to tilt dramatically on
December 1st the ship sent out a
distress call and since then nothing was
ever heard from the crew again the ship
seemed to have vanished into thin air
until 2018 on May 18th
the Cuban Coast Guard announced that
they had come across a ship that wasn't
answering their calls since it happened
close to a military zone with limited
access it caused a bit of turmoil the
mysterious ship was nearing the island
west of Havana and seemed to ignore all
attempts by the Coast Guard to
communicate that's why three other
vessels surrounded and blocked the
intruder even at first sight the ship
looked bizarre rusty and rundown it
seemed to drift mindlessly without any
destination in mind and when the crew
climbed on board the ship which indeed
seemed to have been abandoned for
decades they found nothing but more
oddities first there was not a living
soul on board it baffled the guards to
know n a ship sailing across the ocean
unmanned
then uncontrolled but that wasn't the
only abnormality they found however
unbelievable it may sound on closer
inspection the Coast Guard realized that
the discovered ship was SS cotopaxi lost
in the waters of the North Atlantic
Ocean almost 90 years before related to
the Clinchfield navigation company which
was the very company SS cotopaxi
belonged to after cuban experts confirm
the authenticity of the logbook
researchers got super excited and no
wonder now they could finally find out
what happened to the ship in 1925
unfortunately soon they realized that
the logbook wasn't living up to their
expectations
it contained tons of interesting
information about the everyday life of
the ship's crew but nothing at all about
what caused the disappearance of the
massive ship on December 1st 1925 the
entries in the book simply came to an
abrupt stop it was the very day when the
ship's sent out a distress call and then
stopped replying to any radio signals
finding brought more questions than
answers
if SS cotopaxi sank almost nine decades
ago how did it reappear on the surface
what happened to the crew and how did
they vanish without a trace and finally
does the finding mean that the Bermuda
Triangle has started to return the prey
it's been collecting for centuries
that it might have never happened soon
after this breaking news appeared in
different mass media sources many people
started to question the truthfulness of
the story not only did it seem too
unbelievable to be real but there was
also no convincing evidence that the
ship had been found in the first place
there were indeed numerous photos of a
rusty steamer on the internet but was it
SS cotopaxi unlikely that's why there's
probably no use in combing through the
Atlantic Ocean in search of other
long-lost vessels and planes just yet in
other words it really was fake news and
so many mysterious disappearances in
that area that the chances are high that
you'll find one or two ships that fell
victim to the infamous triangle maybe
it'll be the Patriot a passenger
schooner that left Charleston South
Carolina on December 30th 1812 and
headed for New York City the ship which
had Theodosia BER Aston on board the
daughter of former American vice
president Aaron Burr went missing
soon after departure and no one ever
heard from the schooner again or you may
come across SS El Faro a much more
recent disappearance this cargo ship
left Jacksonville Florida on October 1st
with 33 crew members and countless
vehicles trailers and containers on
board the 790 foot vessel was supposed
to deliver it slow to puerto rico but
something went terribly wrong
a violent tropical storm that started
miles away suddenly transformed into a
powerful hurricane that rushed toward El
Faro it started a circle around the
cargo ship making communication from the
vessel go silent but the most shocking
thing was that after causing all this
turmoil the hurricane miraculously
retreated in the same direction it came
from week later after a thorough and
extensive search rescuers finally
located the ship it was still in one
piece and sitting upright on the
at a depth of 15,000 feet but the
blood-chilling truth was that there was
no trace of any of the crew members on
board the Bermuda Triangle had already
gained popularity in the 15th century
when Christopher Columbus documented
weird compass readings and bizarre
lights in the area it's nicknamed
hurricane alley speaks for itself the
weird thing about the Bermuda Triangle
is not that too many ships and planes
disappear there after all it's the
menacing and unpredictable Atlantic
Ocean but that in most cases even if the
wreckage is found there are no people on
board living or not one of the most
infamous Bermuda Triangle disappearances
of all times was USS Cyclops a huge
carrier ship they used to supply fuel to
the American fleet On January 8th 1918
heavy and full of manganese ores the
ship departed from Rio de Janeiro and
headed for Baltimore being only a few
years old the ship shouldn't have
experienced any problems and all 309
people on board fell safe and calm but
this feeling turned out to be deceptive
because somewhere around March 4th 1918
the ship disappeared into thin air
without sending out a distress call or
indicating it was having problems in any
other way in the history of the u.s.
Navy it remains the accident which
caused the largest loss of life at sea
as for airplanes probably the most
inexplicable disappearance happened on
December 5th 1945 and got the name the
lost patrol flight 19 was the codename
for five bomber planes that flew from
the Naval Base in Florida on a training
flight no one knows for sure what
happened to the planes but they never
returned to the base most experts
believe that the commander of this group
Charles Taylor got lost and led the
planes in the wrong direction
those machines could land on water so
hypothetically after getting low on fuel
the pilots could ditch and wait for help
rocking on the surface of the ocean but
that didn't happen although to rescue
Martin Mariner planes were searching the
area all through the night and the next
day they found no trace of the five
disappeared planes but the most
spine-chilling coincidence was that one
of the rescue planes
failed to return to the base as well all
six planes vanished into thin air as if
they had never existed there have been
several other plane disappearances when
the aircraft went off the radars and
never returned
in some cases pilots had time to send
out a mayday distress call in others
they disappeared at the blink of an eye
when everything seemed to be going
perfectly fine well no doubt it all
looks very suspicious and the notoriety
of the Bermuda Triangle might be
well-earned but think of this the area
of the Bermuda Triangle varies from five
hundred thousand to one and a half
million square miles depending on the
person describing the anomalous zone
besides it's one of the most heavily
traveled routes in the world with
thousands of vessels crossing it to get
to the ports of Europe America and the
Caribbean on the other hand only several
dozen ships and planes have been lost in
the Bermuda Triangle over the last
centuries I mean if you think about it
it's not that much more than any other
dangerous area of the ocean right Wow
hey now it's your turn do you know any
other exciting stories about the Bermuda
Triangle let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today then give this video a like and
share it with a friend but hey don't go
missing just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life
you